# CS-230

In this project, I assumed the role of an employee at Creative Technology Solutions. We were contracted by our client, The Gaming Room, to help expand their game,
"Draw It or Lose It," beyond its current platform of Android. The game would require a medium amount of storage and low memory and computational power. It needed to be able to begin with a single new game session, add unique teams to the game session, and add unique players to the teams. The game would also need to render a random 8MB image from a pool of 200 images every 30 seconds. When creating the software design document, I thought my evaluations of the various operating systems added in version 1.2 were particularly helpful. The comparisons were clear and concise, enabling us to make the best recommendations possible. when developing the code, the Design Constraints were a useful section to refer to; they allowed me to plan my code with these concretely defined considerations in mind. If I could revise one part of my software design document, it would be the Recommendations section. I would improve it by doing more research into operating system architectures, so I could provide more rationale to support my suggestion of windows. The user's needs were always in mind when creating this software design document. From the requirements to the restraints to the recommendations, I was not creating a universal design for any project, I was tailoring it to the specific needs of this program. For example, because the 200 images increased the total application storage and the number of potential users would be variable, I recommended a cloud service to handle distribution to save costs on scaling. I approached designing software as I just mentioned, with the user’s needs in mind, but I also made concrete statements a priority, like those outlined in the constraints. These allow me to structure my software development better and gain overall clarity as to my purpose. In the future, I’ll be employing these same strategies; it worked for The Gaming Room, and I’m sure sticking to them will enable me to effectively design software in the future.
